
Nyambu, my beloved baby sister. I recall the very day you come into my life, making me a proud big sister. How i had to quiet most of the time contrary to my nature because the baby is sleeping. picking you up from junior school and going to sunday school together.

i remember how you would insist on staying with me during my Sunday school class and opt not to join your age mates' service. Where you memorized all the fruits of the holy spirit at age of four. how i would make you memorize Bible verses before going to sleep. also how you would stand in for me while at school to conduct family devotions. 

the memory of you presenting the song at the main church encouraging us to interceed for our land is still vey fresh in my mind. Never shy, ever bold to support the right course whenever you could.

i will always cherish how you would wake up very early to pick me up from highshool during closing days and finally when i completed highschool education last year.

Although i have not yet come to terms that I will no longer see you or embrace you anymore. I will hold on to the verse that says 'To die is gain' since separation from the body is presence with Christ

You have inspired me to live in such a manner that i will be qualified to where you are someday when the time is right. You have always been our angel and you will forever be in my heart. given the chance i will always testify of the angel of a sister that God gave me for ten and half years and the faith that you had by God's saving grace.

i know that you are with Christ whom you confessed and you are enjoying the glory God has bestowed upon you after the tribulation you endured relentlessly on the face of the earth. Nyambu you are not dead, in fact you are alive because your savior came that you may have not just life but life in abundance. indeed you have been saved from the second death and eternal condemnation. I love you a lot Nyambu, until we meet again. Rest in the lord.

1st Thessalonians 4:13-14








TRIBUTE TO MY BELOVED SISTER, BEATRICE NYAMBURA KIRAGU
Today, I stand with a heavy heart to honor my beloved little sister, Beatrice Nyambura Kiragu, who left us on Tuesday last week.
I remember the day you were born ,I was so happy. From that day, you became not just my sister, but a special blessing in my life.
I remember how caring you were to me and to our family. I remember how we used to talk on the phone every morning and every evening every time I am away. You would always ask me how I was doing. Whenever I felt unwell, you would comfort me and tell me, “You will be okay, na utapona.” Your words carried reassurance, strength, and love.
I knew you as a strong girl ,someone who always had my back. You were truly God-sent.
I will miss your hugs, laughter, your jokes,the close bond we shared that no one else would understand and the warmth you brought into our lives. As your big sister, I am so proud of you. You were responsible, loving, and caring. You were determined in everything good and right that you pursued in life.

I remember how we used to joke that you looked exactly like me when I was small ,from the shape of your head to the thick hair we both share. We would laugh about how much we resembled each other, and how Njoki looks like Nduta when she was young. Those moments of laughter are treasures I will forever hold close to my heart.
I remember the day you went to the Drop and Dash Congress. You were so excited. Later that evening, you called me and told me how your day went and how happy you were. You proudly shared that you had been given a medal and a t-shirt. I was so, so proud of you, my sister. You were truly a go-getter, and your efforts were always rewarded.
It is still so hard for me to believe that you are no more ,that I will not see you again or share the moments we used to share. It was so painful for me to see you in so much suffering, but I find comfort in knowing that God, who loves you even more than we do, has relieved you from all the pain you were going through.
How I wish you were still here. I had so many plans for you in the future. But God loved you more, and I choose to accept His will.
You have left a legacy that will always be engraved in my heart. You have taught me to be strong, to be determined, to love God more, and to leave everything in His hands.I have so much sweet things to say about you but all in all our hearts are connected forever.I love you Nyambu ,my sweet ,loving and caring baby sister .
Rest well, my beloved little sister, Nyambu I will truly miss you, kanyambu ketu, Bula wetu..
You may have gone from my sight, but you will never be gone from my heart.
“Let all that you do be done in love.” 
1 Corinthians 16:14





ten and half years ago looks like today when God gave you to me. so a short time i spent with you. those ten and half years captured a lot and you achieved everything that an adult would have achieved you being still a growing child , everything even if you were to live 100 years still you have accomplished a lot of good things.Your deeds reflected love and care and all .You showed us the ways of God and nurtured my faith .Though for sure what satisfies my heart knowing that now you are with the angels where the saints are .
I recall how each and every time we were together, you would unexpectedly embrace me affectionately with warmth,love, and care.I really enjoyed seeing you coming back from school and telling me how your day was and how much you have accomplished in your studies.Your hard work across the board gave me assurance of your commitments in all your endeavour. I loved you soo much and will always do. You will always live in my heart.


I can not believe that you are gone but i know God is the one who took you. I recall the moments i used to take you to board the school van, you used to hug me and when you forgot to do so you would come back and hug me then you proceed in boarding the van .The moment you came back from school you used to run and hug me and ask me how my day was.You really dreamed of becoming a Neurosurgeon but your actions as  remember treated hearts .Your plans were always complete and knew what was in my heart without me telling you .I recall the way you used to care for our livestock and every evening you would count ,monitor and confirm they were all there .
Every sunday you would up early ,come for you small sister Nduta and take care of her .You also took care of the needy and ll in the church .I cannot have enough words to express my love for you .I loved you so much but God loved you more .Rest well my loving daughter ,until we meet again .



My dear sister Nyambu ,my best friend,my confidant ,and my belovedee .I will always cherish the memory of you bathing me ,carrying me around and playing with me .You taught me what was wrong and right and most importantly about Jesus and even how to pray .You are forever in my heart and mind .I miss you and i love you very much .Rest in peace Nyambu ,until we meet again .
